It's absurd
Find any beggar
Just say it was the personal soldier of the Snapdragon Army back then.
Who can prove his identity?
Am I Lord Qing?
Everyone in the military has a military status
I have checked his identity
If the father-in-law has brought his ID card
It will be here soon.
Your Majesty
I never expected to see His Majesty in my lifetime
The grass-roots are willing to testify
Some of the kings of Zhenbei were noted by the Minister of War
And the third prince Xiao Wuji jointly framed
Horizontal corpse
Please Your Majesty Ming Dynasty
Your Majesty, Your Majesty, there is absolutely no such thing.
Your Majesty, please don't listen to your message.
Your Majesty
You old thing
Don't be bloody, stop arguing
This is a wide story
Leave first
immortal
Okay, step back
But it turned out afterwards
I will give you an explanation.
Lord Ma, I can understand how you feel.
But this matter must involve the third prince
Father has always been cautious
There's nothing wrong with you.
Please be patient. Wait a minute.